1. Security Risk: Why is a world-writable directory (like uploads/) more dangerous than a world-writable file? What could an attacker do?
	A world-writable directory is more dangerous than a world-writable file because while a world-writable file only allows for that file to be modified, a world-writable directory allows for an attacker to create or delete any file in that directory, which means that an attacker can add malicious files, replace existing files with malicious files, or delete critical files from the directory, which compromises the system's security and operation.

2. Permission Bits: Explain what -perm -002 means versus -perm /111. Why do we use different options for different searches?
	-perm -002 means that any file or directory that has the world-writable bit enabled is found, regardless of other permissions. -perm /111 means that any file or directory where any of the execution bits are enabled. We use -perm -002 because we are only concerned with a file or directory is world-writable, regardless of the owner or group permissions or the other readable or executable permissions. We use -perm /111 when it does not matter whether it is the owner, the group, or anyone else who has execution permissions and instead just want to find if anyone at all can execute and prevent anyone from executing.

3. Real-World Impact: If you ran this scanner on a production web server and found 50 world-writable files, what immediate actions should you take?
	If you ran this scanner on a production web server and found 50 world-writable files, you should immediately disable the world-writable bit for all of those files and then check all of the files to see if any of them have been modified.

4. Process Substitution: Explain why using find ... | while read doesn't work for counting, but while read ... done < <(find ...) does. What is the difference?
	Using find ... | while read does not work for counting because it creates a subshell for the loop, meaning that the count variable will not persist after it finishes executing while using while read ... done < <(find ...) uses the output of the find command inside the while loop without creating a subshell in the loop, allowing for the count variable to persist after executing.

5. Automation: How would you schedule this script to run automatically every day at 2 AM and email the results to a security team?
	In order to schedule this script to run automatically every day at 2 AM and email the results to a security team, you would use crontab -e and then add 0 2 * * * /[PathToScript]/security_scanner.sh | mail -s "Security scanner results" security@example.com which runs the command automatically and sends the output through email.
